---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "denodo_base_view Resource - terraform-provider-denodo"
subcategory: "View"
description: |-
    Provision and/or configure base view.
---

# denodo_base_view (Resource)


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "denodo_base_view" "bv" {
  data_source_catalog_name = var.data_source_catalog_name
  data_source_database     = var.data_source_database
  data_source_name         = var.data_source_name
  data_source_schema_name  = var.data_source_schema_name
  data_source_table_name   = var.data_source_table_name
  database                 = var.database
  folder                   = var.folder
  name                     = var.name
  vql                      = var.vql
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **database** (String) Database where the base view will reside.
- **name** (String) Name of the base view to be created. If null, the name will be auto-generated.

### Optional

- **data_source_catalog_name** (String) Name of the catalog in the source database that contains the table from which to create the base view. Pass null if the database does not support catalogs.
- **data_source_database** (String) Name of the database to which the JDBC data source belongs.
- **data_source_name** (String) Name of the data source.
- **data_source_schema_name** (String) Name of the schema in the source database that contains the table from which to create the base view. Pass null if the database does not support schemas.
- **data_source_table_name** (String) Name of the table/view over which to create the base view.
- **folder** (String) Folder in which to place the created base view. The result will include the VQL statements to create this folder(s). If null, the VQL will not specify a folder.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **vql** (String) VQL selection statement used to create or replace a view.

### Read-Only

- **create_date** (String) Date when the element was created.
- **description** (String) Description of the element.
- **last_modification_date** (String) Date when the element was modified for the last time. If the element was never modified, the value is the same as create_date
- **last_user_modifier** (String) User that modified the element for the last time. If the element was never modified, the value is the same as user_creator.
- **user_creator** (String) Owner of the element.


