---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "denodo_jdbc_data_source Resource - terraform-provider-denodo"
subcategory: "data source"
description: |-
  Provision and/or configure jdbc data source
---

# denodo_jdbc_data_source (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **data_source_database_type** (String) Data source database type.
- **data_source_database_version** (String) Data source database version.
- **database_uri** (String) The connection URL to the database.
- **denodo_database** (String) Database where the data source will be created.
- **driver_class_name** (String) The driver class to be used for connection to the data source.
- **name** (String) Name of the data source to be created.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) Password to connect to the data source.
- **username** (String, Sensitive) Username to connect to the data source.

### Optional

- **batch_insert_size** (String) When the data source has to insert several rows into the database of this data source, it can insert them in batches. This number sets the number of queries per batch.
- **bcp_executable_location** (String) When the data source has to insert several rows into the database of this data source, it can insert them in batches. This number sets the number of queries per batch.
- **class_path** (String) Path to the JAR file containing the JDBC driver for the specified source (optional).
- **data_source_description** (String) The description of the data source.
- **exhausted_action** (String) Specifies the behavior of the pool when the pool is empty (all the connections are running queries). (Default value: 1)
- **fetch_size** (String) Gives the JDBC driver a hint as to the number of rows that should be fetched from the database when more rows are needed.
- **folder** (String) Name of the folder where the data source will be stored.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **ignore_trailing_spaces** (String) If true, the Server removes the space characters at the end of text type values of the results returned by these data source’s views.
- **initial_size** (String) Number of connections with which the pool is initialized. (default value: 4)
- **isolation_level** (String) Sets the desired isolation level for the queries and transactions executed in the database. If not present, the data source uses the default isolation level of the database.
- **jdbc_driver_properties** (String) List of name/value pairs that will be passed to the JDBC driver when creating connection with this database.
- **kerberos_properties** (String) List of name/value pairs that will be passed to the JDBC driver when creating connection with this database. The properties on this list are meant to configure the Kerberos authentication mechanism between the Virtual DataPort server and the database.
- **max_active** (String) Maximum number of connections that can be opened at a given time. These are the connections currently used to run queries plus the connections idle in the pool. (default value: 20)
- **max_idle** (String) Maximum number of connections that can sit idle in the pool at any time. (default value: -1)
- **max_open_prepared_statements** (String) Maximum number of opened prepared statements. Only taken into account if POOLPREPAREDSTATEMENTS is true.
- **min_evictable_time** (String) Minimum amount of time in milliseconds that a connection may sit idle in the pool before it is eligible for eviction. (default value: 1800000 - 30 minutes)
- **number_test_per_eviction** (String) Number of connections examined in each run of the connection eviction thread. The reason for not examining all the connections of the pool in each run of the thread is because while a connection is being examined, it cannot be used by a query. (default value: 3)
- **on_move_read** (String) if true, when the Execution Engine reads data from the Netezza database to perform a data movement, it will do so using its “External tables” feature. Setting this to true is equivalent to selecting the check box “Use external tables for data movement” of the “Read settings”, on the “Read & Write” tab of the data source
- **on_move_write** (String) if true, when the Execution Engine writes data to this database to perform a data movement, it does so using its proprietary API. Setting this to yes is equivalent to selecting the check box “Use Bulk Data Load APIs” of the “Write settings”, on the “Read & Write” tab of the data source.
- **pool_prepared_statements** (String) if true, the pool of prepared statements is enabled.
- **sql_ldr_executable_location** (String) SQLDR executable location to use bulk data load APIs. (Oracle)
- **target_catalog** (String) Target catalog to use for bulk load api work.
- **target_schema** (String) Target schema to use for bulk load api work.
- **test_on_borrow** (String) if true and the parameter VALIDATIONQUERY is not empty, the pool will execute the VALIDATIONQUERY on the selected connection before returning it to the execution engine. If the VALIDATIONQUERY fails, the pool will discard the connection and select another one. If there are no more idle connections, it will create one. (default value: true)
- **test_on_return** (String) if true and the parameter VALIDATIONQUERY is not empty, the pool will execute the VALIDATIONQUERY on the connections returned to the pool. If the VALIDATIONQUERY fails, the pool will discard the connection. (default value: false)
- **test_while_idle** (String) If true and the parameter VALIDATIONQUERY is not empty, the connections will be validated by the connection eviction thread. To validate a connection, the thread runs the validation query on the connection. If it fails, the pool drops the connection from the pool. (default value: false)
- **time_between_eviction** (String) How long in milliseconds the eviction thread should sleep before “runs” of examining idle connections. If negative, the eviction thread is not launched. (default value: -1)
- **use_for_query_optimization** (String) Data load configuration to optimize for data movement workload.
- **validation_query** (String) SQL query executed by the connection pool to check if a connection is still valid; also known as “ping query”. It is only used when at least one of TESTONBORROW, TESTONRETURN or TESTWHILEIDLE are true. (default value: depends on the adapter)
- **work_dir** (String) Work directory used by bulk load configuration. (Oracle only)


